[TT-16249] KV reference storage of IdP mTLS certificates (#2064)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: configure/external-service.mdx

- **For complete mTLS security:** both client and CA certificates should be configured.
- **CA-only configuration:** you can enable mTLS with only CA certificates (no client certificates) if you only need server certificate verification without client authentication.

    <Note>
    Tyk Certificate Store configuration takes precedence over file-based configuration if both are provided.
    </Note>

> From Tyk 5.13.0, the certificate paths (`cert_file`, `key_file`, `ca_file`) for service type `oauth`, used for integration with external Identity Providers (IdPs) for [client](/api-management/authentication/jwt-signature-validation#remotely-stored-keys-jwks-endpoint) and [upstream](/api-management/upstream-authentication/oauth#upstream-oauth-2-0) authentication, can be set using [external references](/tyk-configuration-reference/kv-store#from-the-tyk-gateway-configuration-file). These references are resolved when the Gateway starts up and on each hot reload, allowing certificate rotation without Gateway restart.

Reviewer: > without Gateway restart

Should we also state that a Hot Reload is required? After the config change

Author: That's what this sentence says: the references are resolved ... on each hot reload.

Do you think this isn't clear enough?

Reviewer: > and on each hot reload

The statement is implicit.

> allowing certificate rotation without Gateway restart.

Also, the next sentence makes it confusing; it kinda reads, "it is automatic and does not require anything to be done from the user side."

> From Tyk 5.13.0, the certificate paths (`cert_file`, `key_file`, `ca_file`) for service type `oauth`, used for integration with external Identity Providers (IdPs) for [client](/api-management/authentication/jwt-signature-validation#remotely-stored-keys-jwks-endpoint) and [upstream](/api-management/upstream-authentication/oauth#upstream-oauth-2-0) authentication, can be set using [external references](/tyk-configuration-reference/kv-store#from-the-tyk-gateway-configuration-file). These references are resolved when the Gateway starts up and on each hot reload, allowing certificate rotation without Gateway restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Tyk 5.13.0, the certificate paths (`cert_file`, `key_file`, `ca_file`) for service type `oauth`, used for integration with external Identity Providers (IdPs) for [client](/api-management/authentication/jwt-signature-validation#remotely-stored-keys-jwks-endpoint) and [upstream](/api-management/upstream-authentication/oauth#upstream-oauth-2-0) authentication, can be set using [external references](/tyk-configuration-reference/kv-store#from-the-tyk-gateway-configuration-file). These references are resolved when the Gateway starts up and on each hot reload. This allows certificate rotation without a Gateway restart; however, updated certificates are applied only after a hot reload.
```

The certificate paths for other integrations do not support external references at this time.

<Note>

> If [multiple Identity Providers]/api-management/authentication/jwt-signature-validation#multiple-jwks-endpoints) are configured, they share the same External Service Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If [multiple Identity Providers](/api-management/authentication/jwt-signature-validation#multiple-jwks-endpoints) are configured, they share the same External Service Configuration.
```
